through the morning I was with you
worked on the network in the channel the network of
crimes listen to me in second on the channel
The working network with salfate salfate
communicated this morning with haroldo macías
which it was communicated through
skype and aldo macías is
the representative of those who remain
what was at some point network cares
read those who warned of earthquakes
during the past year and this year
to be more specific today of the
Brazucas of Brazilians if this is
lady farmhouse aldo macías foretold
walk bureau always like this
then what he tells me is harold
macías what Salfate told him is that he
comes an earthquake in the north of
our country when then area of
Antofagasta are Antofagasta told today
salfate day today we are with news
cool let's hope the friends of the
boats that see us that we can tell you
why because there is a correlation that
do not be in Antofagasta you know that in
antofagasta place where more event I do
I
imagine antofagasta face in everything
desert
every night murano antofagasta and
with green hair taxiing on board not
flavor of my friend with green hair and friend
seen green hair is not one seen in
foot and with him we go there I know by the
New festivals plates and menus in a
earthquake I have no time for what
more difficult do what they do in other
places but I do not fall in Antofagasta
with me that you have with criminal and from
this day since that child called the
another day I load penco and we have
some call to someone who is in
line that we are waiting for your call
from to 27 32 22 67 and apparently already
we have a hand we are waiting for
Parisi doing prior to
interview the presidential candidate
franco parisi moved away from the parties
politicians the left noi is not from
right to value wants to be with the
town and we have a call with whom
We speak
and then by nicolás nicolás from where
flames let's say from Antofagasta very
happy to hit look what happened I talked
with sulfate and day in the morning and we
he commented that people reduce read him
announced a possible earthquake I think that
we have to start any part that
come the tsunami
look what we heard what he told us
is that one will come in california and
california is very attached plates that is
You better be worth to learn the same way
what
this teacher but something that I knew
today when the tectonic strings
are those of california with these
rulers wait a second I'm
talking earthquakes that commands is
good because he is doing the pattern
let's listen second
let's put a little bit of order to what is
Your name pleases me but if we are
talking about happiness earthquakes
where are they calling us I'm taking
from antofagasta anto famyr to antofagasta
but the Brazilian who knows when there is a
earthquake friend who was completing
that if always friend please can
shit everybody to talk but you
I'm commenting that yes in california
trembles therefore the murano and I like
my irreverent shit
listen to me moscoso has the pages
brothers you have dad you have grannies
they charge the door does not listen to me
but listen to my shit listen to me
learn to listen we have a voice almost
two ears to listen to it is best
lie also I stole the zones
open from your town that is burned
because we stole them from the brothers
from the people of Bolivia go to the
Antofagasta shit
the puterio arrivistas automobiles of
luxury and a brat like you
jump here shit
I wanted to tell in california
They are selling their mansions to us
in them tom cruise penélope cruz and
other famous celebrities because they
the antecedent came to him based on what
in Scientology that the religion that
many of these famous celebrities
they embrace that an earthquake would come
California
this can be verified by going to the
Real estate brokers in california
they are leaving their mansions what they are
the clints eastwood those that are
celebrities understand me and what happens
tectonic plates and this is not that what
say salfate salfate communicated with the
people recruit read and it is confirmed that
there is a plate that joins together from
the fault of san andrés and that finalizes in
the fault of san ramón to whom the queen
but here it is but here nothing would happen
but in the north in the area where
that young man called us a few moments ago
then one thing is to talk about that the
commander that the cowboy what I know
me but I think I think it was left
very clear that you wanted to teach him something
to call